Add `batoaqaa/nvim-pio` (#2378)
rockerBOO/awesome-neovim: README.md

**(requires Neovim 0.5)**

> - [nvim-pio](https://github.com/batoaqaa/nvim-pio) - Asynchronous, zero-hardcoding bridge between PlatformIO and Neovim's native clangd LSP server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [nvim-pio](https://github.com/batoaqaa/nvim-pio) - Asynchronous, zero-hardcoding bridge between PlatformIO and the `clangd` LSP.
```
